Adding documentation for the Mobian RTD module for docs.prebid.org (#5775)
prebid/prebid.github.io: dev-docs/modules/mobianRtdProvider.md

---
layout: page_v2
title: Mobian Real-Time Data Provider
display_name: Mobian Prebid Brand Safety Evaluation
description: The Mobian Real-Time Data (RTD) Module is a plug-and-play Prebid.js adapter that is designed to provide Mobian Contextual results on the publisher’s page.
page_type: module
module_type: rtd
module_code : mobianRtdProvider
enable_download : true
vendor_specific: false
sidebarType : 1
---

# Mobian Brand Safety Module

## Overview

Module Name: Mobian Rtd Provider

Module Type: Rtd Provider

Maintainer: <rich.rodriguez@themobian.com>

The Mobian Real-Time Data (RTD) Module is a plug-and-play Prebid.js adapter that is designed to provide Mobian Contextual results on the publisher’s page.

## Downloading and Configuring the Mobian RTD module

> Navigate to <https://docs.prebid.org/download.html> and check the box labeled Mobian Prebid Contextual Evaluation. If you have installed Prebid.js on your site previously, please be sure to select any other modules and adaptors to suit your needs. When clicking the "Get Prebid.js" button at the bottom of the page, the site will build a version of Prebid.js with all of your selections.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Navigate to [the prebid download section](/download) and check the box labeled Mobian Prebid Contextual Evaluation. If you have installed Prebid.js on your site previously, please be sure to select any other modules and adaptors to suit your needs. When clicking the "Get Prebid.js" button at the bottom of the page, the site will build a version of Prebid.js with all of your selections.
```

Using relative links makes automatic dead link checking and working in a test environment a lot more convenient :wink:

        // advertiserTargeting: ['genres', 'emotions', 'themes'],
        // Available values: 'apValues', 'categories', 'emotions', 'genres', 'risk', 'sentiment', 'themes', 'tones'

        // Enable targeting keys for publisher data
        publisherTargeting: true,
        // Or set it as an array to pick specific targeting keys:
        // publisherTargeting: ['tones', 'risk'],
        // Available values: 'apValues', 'categories', 'emotions', 'genres', 'risk', 'sentiment', 'themes', 'tones'
      }
    }]
  }
});
```

## Functionality

At a high level, the Mobian RTD Module is designed to call the Mobian Contextal API on page load, requesting the Mobian classifications and results for the URL. The classifications and results are designed to be picked up by any SSP or DSP in the Prebid.js ecosystem. The module also supports placing the Mobian classifications on each ad slot on the page, thus allowing for targeting within GAM.

## Available Classifications

NOTE: The examples below for targetable keys for GAM or otherwise in the ortb2 object assume that your prefix is the default of "mobian". The prefix in the targetable key will change based on your settings.

> Risk:

Reviewer 2: This is an informative section, but the formatting could be a better. See https://deploy-preview-5775--prebid-docs-preview.netlify.app/dev-docs/modules/mobianrtdprovider

I would suggest having each of these be a heading. e.g.

### Classification: Risk

This category assesses whether content contains any potential risks or concerns to advertisers and returns a determination of Low Risk, Medium Risk, or High Risk based on the inclusion of sensitive or high-risk topics. Content that might be categorized as unsafe may include violence, hate speech, misinformation, or sensitive topics that most advertisers would like to avoid. Content that is explicit or overly graphic in nature will be more likely to fall into the High Risk tier compared to content that describes similar subjects in a more informative or educational manner.

- Targetable Key: mobian_risk
- Possible values: "none", "low", "medium" or "high"

(What is the "Prebid.outcomes.net endpoint key"? Is it something the publisher has to care about?)

------------------

AP Values

Prebid.outcomes.net endpoint key: ap (an array, containing values of a0, a1, p0, p1)

Targetable Keys: mobian_ap_a0, mobian_ap_a1, mobian_ap_p0, mobian_ap_p1

Possible values: Various, numerically id-based and customizable based on Mobian Context Settings.

Description: Mobian AI Personas are custom created based on prompts to find a specific audience. Please contact your Mobian contact directly for more information on this tool. The difference between the keys is below:

a0 = Advertisers (via Campaign IDs) in this list should NOT want to advertise on this page

a1 = Advertisers (via Campaign IDs) should want to advertise on this page

p0 = Advertisers (via Campaign IDs) should AVOID targeting these personas

p1 = Advertisers (via Campaign IDs) should target these personas

*AP Values is in the early stages of testing and is subject to change.

## GAM Targeting

On each page load, the Mobian RTD module finds each ad slot on the page and performs the following function:

```js

> window.googletag.cmd.push(() => {
>   window.googletag.pubads().setTargeting(key, value);
> ```

Reviewer: ```suggestion
window.googletag.cmd.push(() => {
  window.googletag.pubads().setTargeting(key, value);
});
```

valid syntax
```
